[Community notebooks] Add Wav2Vec notebook for creating captions for YT Clips (#11142)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/community.md

|[Fine-tune BART for summarization in two languages with Trainer class](https://github.com/elsanns/xai-nlp-notebooks/blob/master/fine_tune_bart_summarization_two_langs.ipynb) | How to fine-tune BART for summarization in two languages with Trainer class | [Eliza Szczechla](https://github.com/elsanns) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/elsanns/xai-nlp-notebooks/blob/master/fine_tune_bart_summarization_two_langs.ipynb)|
|[Evaluate Big Bird on Trivia QA](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/Evaluating_Big_Bird_on_TriviaQA.ipynb) | How to evaluate BigBird on long document question answering on Trivia QA | [Patrick von Platen](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/Evaluating_Big_Bird_on_TriviaQA.ipynb)|

> | [Wav2Vec Inference](https://github.com/Muennighoff/ytclipcc/blob/main/wav2vec_youtube_captions.ipynb) | How to create YouTube captions from any video by transcribing the audio with Wav2Vec | [Niklas Muennighoff](https://github.com/Muennighoff) |[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Muennighoff/ytclipcc/blob/main/wav2vec_youtube_captions.ipynb) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Create video captions using Wav2Vec2](https://github.com/Muennighoff/ytclipcc/blob/main/wav2vec_youtube_captions.ipynb) | How to create YouTube captions from any video by transcribing the audio with Wav2Vec | [Niklas Muennighoff](https://github.com/Muennighoff) |[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Muennighoff/ytclipcc/blob/main/wav2vec_youtube_captions.ipynb) |
```
